[Term Entry] Create track.md (#2468)
Codecademy/docs: content/html/concepts/elements/terms/track/track.md

---
Title: 'track' 
Description: 'An HTML element that specifies subtitles, closed captioning, and other text files for the `<audio>`or the `<video>` element.' 
Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Web Design'
  
Tags: 
  - 'Attributes'
  - 'Elements'
  - 'Style'
CatalogContent: 
  - 'learn-html'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

The **`<track>`** element used to define and add the `<video>` or the `<audio>` elements' subtitles, closed captions, or other text-based content to an HTMl file. 
## Syntax

```pseudo
<element 
source= src="url">
<track src="text-based file description" kind="type of text" 
 other attribute="description"> 
 </element>

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```

Reviewer: there should almost always be an empty line between content

`<track>` can be paired with the following attributes:
  | HTML Attribute | Description |
|---|---|

> | `chapter` | Utlized when user(s) navigates through the audio or film.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `chapters` | Utilized when user(s) navigates through the audio or film.|
```

> | `default` | Implies that the track should be enabled unless the user's preferences indicate that another track is best suited for the project.  **NOTE:** Can only be used with **one** `<track>` element at a time. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `default` | Implies that the track should be enabled unless the user's preferences indicate that another track is best suited for the project. Can only be used with **one** `<track>` element at a time. |
```

Reviewer: I would refrain from using the note in bold within a table. Generally, this is used relatively sparingly and below a section instead of inline. Please remove the other instances of "note" in this table.

| `description` | Describes textual description of the video content. **NOTE:** Best suited for users who are blind or if the video cannot be seen.|

> | `kind` | Describes how the track's text should be used (e.g., `captions`, `subtitles`, `descriptions`, and `chapters`)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `kind` | Describes how the track's text should be used (e.g., `captions`, `subtitles`, `descriptions`, and `chapters`).|
```

| `label` | Describes list of available text tracks.|

> | `metadata` | Tracks used by scripts. Not available by users.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `metadata` | Tracks used by scripts, not available to users.|
```

| `src` | The track's URL. **NOTE:** The track's URL **must** be valid and in a Web Video Text Tracks (.vtt, WebVTT) file format.|
| `srclang` | Track text data's language. **NOTE:** **Must** be a valid [BCP 47](https://r12a.github.io/app-subtags/) language tag and defined if  `kind` attribute is set to `subtitles`.|
                   

> ## Example 1: Audio

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example 1: Audio

```

> The snippet below shows the `<track>`tag with the `captions`attribute being implemented into the [`<audio>`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/elements/audio) element:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The snippet below shows the `<track>` tag with the `captions` attribute for an [`<audio>`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/elements/audio) element:
```
